What is compile time and run time?
ans:Compile-time is the instance where the code you entered is converted to
executable,while Run-time is the instance where the executable is running.

What is heap?
ans:The heap is the runtime data area from which memory for all class instances
 and arrays is allocated.

How java manage it's memory?
ans:The JVM loads the code, verifies the code, executes the code, manages memory
and finally provides the runtime environment.

What is the difference between String, StringBuffer and StringBuilder?
ans:String is immutable whereas StringBuffer and StringBuider are mutable classes.

What is Singleton class?
ans: Singleton class is a class where you have only one object.

What is Serialization and Deserialization?
ans:Serialization is a mechanism of converting the state of an object into a byte stream.
Deserialization is the reverse process where the byte stream is used to recreate the actual Java object in memory.

Which one will take more memory, an int or Integer?
ans: Integer

Why is String Immutable in Java?
ans:The string is Immutable in Java because String objects are cached in String pool.

What is constructor chaining in Java?
ans:Constructor chaining is the process of calling one constructor
from another constructor with respect to current object

The difference between Serial and Parallel Garbage Collector?
ans:Both the serial and parallel collectors cause a stop-the-world during
the GC. a serialcollector is a default copying collector which uses only one
 GC thread for the GC operation, while a parallel collector uses multiple GC threads for the GC operation.

What is JIT stands for?
ans: just in time compilation

Explain Java Heap space and Garbage collection?
ans:Java objects reside in an area called the heap. The heap is created
when the JVM starts up and may increase or decrease in size while the
 application runs. When the heap becomes full, garbage is collected. During the garbage collection
objects that are no longer used are cleared, thus making space for new objects.

Can you guarantee the garbage collection process?
ans:no
What is the difference between stack and heap in Java?
ans:The main difference between heap and stack is that stack memory is used to store local
variables and function call while heap memory is used to store objects in Java